docs: update public guides (#2185)
0xMiden/node: docs/external/src/local-network-development.md

make local-network-logs

# Stop the local network, preserving the local chain data volume.
make local-network-down

# Stop the local network and delete the local chain data volume.
make local-network-delete
```

After `make local-network-delete`, run `make local-network-up` to bootstrap a fresh local chain.

## Exposed Endpoints

Published ports are bound to `localhost`; the following services are available:

| Service         | URL                      | Purpose                                          |
| --------------- | ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------ |
| RPC API         | `http://localhost:57291` | Submit transactions and query local chain state. |
| Grafana         | `http://localhost:3000`  | Inspect dashboards and traces.                   |
| Network monitor | `http://localhost:3001`  | View local network health.                       |
| Tempo HTTP API  | `http://localhost:3200`  | Query stored trace data.                         |
| Tempo OTLP gRPC | `http://localhost:4317`  | Receive OpenTelemetry traces from services.      |

## Monitoring and Traces

> The local network exports OpenTelemetry traces to Tempo. Grafana is preconfigured with Tempo as a data source, so use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The local network exports OpenTelemetry traces to Tempo. Grafana is pre-configured with Tempo as a data source, so use
```

Author: I actually had to triple check this. Turns out both are correct; your suggestion ~~just means you're old~~ is the old school way 😉

`http://localhost:3000` to inspect traces when a request fails, stalls, or behaves differently than expected.

Container logs are still useful for startup failures and quick checks, but traces usually provide a better view of how a
request moved through the local network.

The network monitor at `http://localhost:3001` provides a compact health view for the running local network.

## Prover Override

> The default stack uses the bundled prover endpoint at `http://remote-prover:50051`. To use another prover endpoint, set

Reviewer: `remote-prover` has been renamed to `tx-prover` on `next`.

```suggestion
The default stack uses the bundled prover endpoint at `http://tx-prover:50051`. To use another prover endpoint, set
```
